
It's five o'clock in the morning which means time for my q&a session and  today you happened to be the person i think i need to bother with my inquisitorial impertinence. First a set of quick and theoretical questions,  what if **(1) we would have an explicit permission to use and publicise individuals real names?** **(2) Would that invalidate your research in any way**? Or is it important because **(3) it would probably affect the process of "community creation"?**

I read the comments and issues [listed on gitHub by the edgesense people](https://github.com/Wikitalia/edgesense/wiki) and started to wonder wether i could replicate the experiment using my methods. Imidiatelly i run into problems with nomenclature that is so alien to my area of expertise; which I didn't get a chance to properly research and which for sure you are better equiped to explain. It might seem irelevant at the moment but at the same time I need to make certain choices in respect of tools which are likely to affect the development and possibilities in the future so i would rather stay on the safe side and ask. 

**(4) Can you think of a reason the [Louvain algorithm](https://sites.google.com/site/findcommunities/) is somewhat "incompatible"" with d3.js?** I know this might be quite out of your area of expertise but just for the sake of ticking boxes can you think of any reason? **(5) maybe you have seen an example of this somewhere [among mbostock’s blocks](http://bl.ocks.org/mbostock)?** if so, **(6) could you point me to it?** Such example with use of JavaScript library I'm familiar with even though irrelevant at the moment could give me a headstart []be a good place to start my reeducation   point of  start  give me headstart later alow me to grasp the nomenclature quicker as i am more likely to understand the method in translated into javaScript which means i wouldn't have to learn the academic nomenclature which would take time.

In terms of edgesense, (7) is there a reason they used this particular layout? I mean the san but don't answer that if it is too much explaining. (8) how would you use this particular dashboard? (9) Is there any other use for it rather than being a snapshot of past communication?

I hope you will excuse my ignorance, it really is not my area of expertise but since i belive cross-spexialisation to be driver of innovation i have to ask you these questions otherwise I would risk being sent to geeks hell after I die ;-).

And at the end just to keep you kind of informed, i had sudden realisation my recent improvements to the system have all the characteristics of early stages of so called "feature creep" antipatrern which meant I dropped all i was doing and focused on introducing some chaos by incorporating old database and inviting the users to wreck havoc and prove to me how inadequate my architecture is even to small number of users :-)

This last remark wasn't serious so don't worry, but we will be trying to get emails sent out during the weekend. At the moment a lot depends on how far we can push ourselves with content creation but we are commited to making it happen to an extent where we even decided to miss camping trip (and thank god for that because it was in one of these godforsaken places where one is not allowed to use any electronicall devices :-)

In any case and whatever happens you will be the first to know.