# hi there,

<html><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/></head><body>I've been beating into shape the ideas how to structure the site and make the access if not intuitive then at least somewhat making sense. <br>



<br>There is a number of changes and these are here to stay. They will affect some privacy issues.<br><br><a href="http://Diasporachangemakers.net">Diasporachangemakers.net</a> is the main domain with.initial <a href="tel:100">100</a> changemakers.<br><br>The site stays the way it is now so no users issues. With some exceptions like new menu.<br><br>Then there is rsa and playmakers sites. First for data viz and we are going to have an editorial schedule so leave us feedback <br><br>- How much time you can commit to writing and content creation per week<br><br>- Which days of the week you are going to do that<br><br>Playmakers is a development blog and I'll be polluting it with stuff like this one.<br><br>The third sub-site is open and as the name suggests it is open for registrations to everyone. The site is as free and open as possible. We will copy the users details save the stuff relevant to RSA. This will be our template on which we will work <a href="http://open.diasporachangemakers.net">open.diasporachangemakers.net</a>.<br><br>The rest of the network are customised sites with wariety of themes allowsing for any customization. <br><br>We will have a number of sites to which we will all have to contribute some work to but i hope to hook up most of them to another APIs. Like github, Facebook or edgesense for that matter.<br><br>Some of these will be wikis or simple directories and i belive work with these could be automated but admin still needed.<br><br>Chapters in this section are repositories of text for all of these sites. each site has its own chapter and even though they are very different from each other, certain aspects and some info is included on each one and it remains almost unchanged from site to site. Just edits.<br><br>This is a template for anyone who thinks about creating a product online and any project that I could possibly think of always could benefit from web tech. <br><br>Changemakers, users, admins, editors or whoever who needs a blog, website or only manageable digital pr and privacy are given a possibility to create their own site for the project they run if they don't have one already. If they do we would gladly install template which would allow for seamless integration.<br><br>Take a look at the structure and go through each one of the sites to see the material already there. I'm sure you'll see aspects which could use some atention (mostly this attention comming down to copying from one chapter to another and upadating the names acordingly. Feel free to go ahead and edit as much as you wish. <br><br>While doing so we would like to ask you to please please don't be evil or patently thoughtless or plain stupid.<br><br>Check out our first and only moral talk so you are familiar with our influenced by Charles Offdensen insightfull "put boots to him, medium style" which inspired out "boots policy" <br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>re&nbsp; of this&nbsp; sites are <br><br></body></html>

